One of the family
members desperately holding out hope that
some of these hostages will be rescued
is the only Asher.
He is missing
his wife and his two young daughters.
They were taken
while visiting his mother in law.
Near Gaza.
Our viewers will remember that
we first spoke
to Yoni on the day of the Hamas attack,
just hours after he first saw his family
in this viral video.
Online.
You can see a gunman
placing a cloth over his wife's head.
His mother in law and his two daughters
are huddled in the back of the truck
after seeing this video.
Yoni tried to track his wife's location.
It said her phone was in Gaza.
We have been checking in
with Yoni ever since then.
And I was able to meet him in person
over the weekend.
Traveling to his home north of Tel Aviv.
Here is our conversation
Well, Yoni,
the chance to see each other
and see you in person
How are you doing now?
Well,
eight days
since my wife and two
daughters got kidnaped
I am realizing that
I got to see
the gates of hell.
I got to see how
Hill looks like
I don't know if there are
any more tears left in me,
but it became real.
I became it became clear to me
that I saw her.
I saw what her looks like. And,
you know, it's not only the phone call
that I got from my wife.
10 a.m.
telling me that
they're entering the house shooting and
that we got disconnected.
And it's not even the video.
9 seconds long video, which I saw
my wife getting taken
with my two daughters,
recognizing them just like that.
After a few hours of nerve wracking time,
which I tried to get information,
the hell
was the images.
I didn't watch them.
I heard.
I understand very quickly
that when I saw that when I knew
that there is a possibility
that I get held by such.
I don't know how to call
that they are held by them.
It was even worse than the video
because you think about what I mean
in every moment.
I don't know what they're going
I only saw them kidnaped.
I only saw them
get in on some kind of vehicle.
You can see from that video,
it's really familiar.
My wife getting covered by her head,
Alawite, were screaming all around that.
That was the image I saw last Saturday,
seven of October.
And I tell you,
I don't know if I can explain yet.
But like I said, I don't know
if you ever thought about it,
but sometimes we think,
what is the apocalypse scenario
or what is that
what hell looks like
when I saw the images there in
every minute is forever.
Well, you're living it
forever.
You mean what have you heard about them?
Is the government are they updating you?
Are they telling you anything
about what they're doing
or where they think they may be?
I mean, even things like
are they even able to tell you
whether they think they're there together?
Well,
you know,
there is the channel that the authorities
are in contact with me
but as you know,
these things are not simple.
They're sometimes
can be extremely complicated.
I'm not diplomacy.
I have no diplomacy or security training.
I have no understanding
in this kind of matters.
It's not my area.
But they are in touch with me.
And I only know what I knew last Saturday.
That's the only thing I knew.
And I live here in uncertainty and it's
I'm hanging between the earth and heaven.
And I move in between the desperation
sometimes hope.
But I don't know
I know the time is critical.
I know they they need medicine.
I know they have babies.
My little baby
daughter of five is not yet three.
In January, she will be three the same.
In the same month,
the same month, January.
Also, my older brothers will be five.
They are celebrated together
in the same month.
They are good friends.
They love each other.
I hope that they are alive
and they are well.
And I hope that they are
take care of each other
with their mother.
What happened to this house?
How it became
a media and an office to save them.
I just want them to be here
I can start to explain to you what
smart, beautiful girls they are.
I can't even start We sit here.
I think that you sit here.
This is you have so many visions
of when you and Jerome
may be in the kitchen and they were here
where they were playing.
This is their special area.
But they know area.
I don't allow myself to know
I have.
I can't profound in this visions.
I want to remember
the sound of their voice,
the smell of their hair.
But it's hard.
I know that I have to be strong for them.
I can't look at a video of them.
Not even one.
I know that
many videos were published by us.
Me and my family and friends who are
helping me I didn't watch single one.
Go through your phone and watch.
I can't.
You asked me about
the last few days.
Something.
It was something that
the body and the mind is very hard to.
I don't have any psychology training also,
but I guess it's
something that takes the spirit
out of the body of something because
there is a
I can't I can't even process
You wanted us to look at their shoes
why their shoes, Yoni?
How, you know, they are currently girls.
They they like shoes.
I see pink.
They like are willing to wear
only dresses.
So it's you need to convince them
to wear a shirt and pants and dresses.
Yes, they like they like girly stuff
making us food in this toy
kitchen, bringing me that food.
Thank you.
I can
talk with you about it right now with
I guess
something happened to the mind
and spirit in situation like this.
And for me anyway,
and your wife,
you know,
you must be thinking of her
and how strong she is.
She is.
She's.
You know,
since I have two little daughters,
I learned that
what is the power of of a woman?
What is how strong a woman is
a lot more than us men.
You know,
she sacrificed so much.
It took us three years
to bring to the world.
Was her older
my first born? Yes.
Women
are strong.
And my wife
particularly, it's a very strong person.
But the situation is impossible
and the uncertainties are there
are there things you think about in your
head or things you you would say to her
can only imagine?
There are things now that you say, ah,
if I if I could say them
or if I could talk to her
now, if I could have said
you said anything you would
you want to say to her right now
that I'm sorry
I'm sorry
sorry that I never not always
appreciated her
and I and I did.
But, you know, in these moments,
you think about all the times
before you were on the phone or busy,
the girls would say, to me, Daddy, come
sit with the the wife, my wife, the wrong
um, I just wanted her to know
that I love her with all of my heart.
And I'm sorry
and you know, the worst thing as a father
or have three girls, wife,
two little babies is killed
is this give life.
Why are you not coming to get us?
I thinking about them. Sit there.
Maybe if they're alive and thinking why is
that is not coming and it can.
I want to
I pray that they will forgive me, but
they were recognized.
You know, for children, it's a day.
It's like a month for us. And those.
Oh, they will remember you
I want
I will be in their mind
like they are in my mind.
I have to be strong for them.